# 👋 Getting Started

Hovercast Pro is a cloud based suite of tools designed to elevate your live stream broadcasts. To start using Hovercast Pro navigate to **** [**live.hovercast.com**](http://live.hovercast.com) which will redirect you to your organization. &#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
An organization will be created after **contacting our sales team** and subscribing to a plan.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

### [Organizations](broken-reference)

The organization is where you can manage users, broadcasts, landing pages, and upload assets used across all broadcast. The following pages are available within the organization. &#x20;

* ****[**View and Manage Broadcasts**](organizations/all-broadcasts.md)****
* ****[**Create a New Broadcast**](organizations/creating-a-broadcast.md)****
* ****[**Manage Organization Media**](organizations/organization-media-gallery.md)****
* ****[**Create a Theme**](organizations/managing-and-creating-themes.md)****
* ****[**Add Custom Fonts**](organizations/adding-custom-fonts.md)****
* ****[**Add Users and Manager their Permissions**](permissions/organization-and-broadcast-permissions.md)****
* **Create Landing Pages**
* **Manage Ticketing**

### [Broadcasts](./#broadcasts)

Within organizations are **Broadcasts** which are individual shows or episodes. Within a broadcast you can access the following pages:

* [**Preview Page**](https://hovercast.crunch.help/hovercat-pro/preview-page) - View and manage scenes using the scene panel on the left, along with giving you access to output URLs.
* ****[**Editor Page**](broadcasts/editor-page/) **-**  Create and manage graphics in the form of widgets.&#x20;
* ****[**Library Page**](broadcasts/library-page/) - Manage variables and interchangeable text blocks for widgets like the lower third and poll.&#x20;
* ****[**Audience Page**](broadcasts/audience-page.md) **-** View, moderate, search, and tag chats.
* ****[**Host Page**](broadcasts/host-page.md) **-** Create views for host or talent to see interactive widgets or control room prompts.&#x20;
* ****[**Settings Page** ](broadcasts/settings-page/)- Manage broadcast information, add platforms, add content filters and more.&#x20;

### Broadcast Components&#x20;

Each broadcast also contains show specific content such as:

* ****[**Widgets** ](broadcasts/editor-page/all-widgets/)-  Elements with properties that can be customized into stylized graphics and display interactive content.
* [**Scenes**](https://hovercast.crunch.help/hovercat-pro/preview-page#ScenePanel) - A layer comprised of widgets that can outputted to an encoder like OBS or vMix using a browser input.
* ****[**Platforms** ](broadcasts/settings-page/platforms/)- Connect external website such as YouTube, Twitter, Stripe and ActBlue to ingest their chats and donations data.&#x20;
* ****[**Chats** ](broadcasts/audience-page.md)- Individual messages generated by connected platforms which can be featured within widgets.
* ****[**Polls** ](broadcasts/library-page/polls.md)- Have audience members vote on an option or answer a trivia question where they can score points. &#x20;
* ****[**Lower Thirds**](broadcasts/library-page/lower-thirds.md) **** - Interchangeable text blocks that can be used to display names and titles or segment information.  ****&#x20;
* ****[**Variables** ](broadcasts/library-page/variables.md)**-** Custom data that can be updated via a webhook or manually.&#x20;
* ****[**Scoreboards** ](broadcasts/library-page/scoreboards.md)- Objects that attribute scores or donation data to viewers. &#x20;
* **and more..**&#x20;
